

 

 
 

 add_dependencies 

 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
### Navigation

 
 
 index
 
- 
 next |
 
- 
 previous |
 
- 
 
 
 
- 
 
 CMake 4.2.2
 »
 
 
- 
 Documentation »
 

 
- cmake-commands(7) »
 
- add_dependencies 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

# add_dependencies¶

Add a dependency between top-level targets.

add_dependencies(<target> <target-dependency>...)

Makes a top-level <target> depend on other top-level targets to
ensure that they build before <target> does. A top-level target
is one created by one of the add_executable(),
add_library(), or add_custom_target() commands
(but not targets generated by CMake like install).

Dependencies added to an imported target
or an interface library are followed
transitively in its place since the target itself does not build.

Added in version 3.3: Allow adding dependencies to interface libraries.

Added in version 3.8: Dependencies will populate the MANUALLY_ADDED_DEPENDENCIES
property of <target>.

Changed in version 3.9: The Ninja Generators use weaker ordering than
other generators in order to improve available concurrency.
They only guarantee that the dependencies' custom commands are
finished before sources in <target> start compiling; this
ensures generated sources are available.

Changed in version 4.1: The command may be called with no dependencies.
Previously, at least one dependency was required.

## See Also¶

- The DEPENDS option of add_custom_target() and
add_custom_command() commands for adding file-level
dependencies in custom rules.

- The OBJECT_DEPENDS source file property to add
file-level dependencies to object files.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
### Table of Contents

 

- add_dependencies
See Also

 
 
 Previous topic
 add_definitions

 
 
 Next topic
 add_executable

 
 
 
### This Page

 
 
- Show Source
 
 

 
### Quick search

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
### Navigation

 
 
- 
 index
 
- 
 next |
 
- 
 previous |
 
- 
 
 
 
- 
 
 CMake 4.2.2
 »
 
 
- 
 Documentation »
 

 
- cmake-commands(7) »
 
- add_dependencies 
 
 

 
 © Copyright 2000-2025 Kitware, Inc. and Contributors.
 Created using Sphinx 8.2.3.
 

 


